Name | extended_description
--- | ---
Acai | Tart red berry, crisp and dry. Acai is a light flavor that can be added as a top note or subtle note on a base. Not a base flavor in itself, but good to add dimensions to a full bodied flavor that needs high end zip.
Alpine Strawberry | Heavenly balanced and smooth strawberry. Red and sweat like a small alpine strawberry that is picked high in the mountains. Commercial strawberries that we buy in the store are a hybrid of two species: one gives them their flavor, the other gives them their shape and size. This is the special species of strawberry that is small and hard to reach on the high mountains, but flavored by its proximity to heaven.
Amaretto Sour | Flavor of the cocktail with lime, lemon, orange slice and amaretto
Apple | Aromatic sweet apple like a treetop box juice. Good basic apple flavor, without the candy notes or high ringing green apple notes.
Apple Cider | Pressed hard apple cider with scrumpy notes of mixed apple varieties balanced between aromatic and astringent. This is a very unique apple flavor with a matured, slightly ale yeast note more on the side of hard cider than spiced cider. Makes a great standalone vape if you have a taste for hard cider. Can be hop-ed up too.
Apple Cranberry | This flavor has a red apple with light creamy cranberry finish.
Apple Filling | Grandmas' apple pie filling. Touch of cinnamon and sweet creamy baked apples. This is an excellent apple for any apple pie or baked apple flavor note. Strong and clear enough for a standalone.
Apple Pop | Sweet red apple notes. Adds an excellent dimension to complex apple flavors.
Apricot | True and accurate apricot flavor.  It is more sour and less candy-like than our peach.
Arabian Tobacco | Dry nutty, Raisin notes, hint of spice. Low ash for a commercial cigarette or sundried tobacco blend. Can be very useful mixed with other tobacco flavors.
Banana | Smooth and soft tasting flavor, banana serves as a rich base for mixing with other fruit and savory flavors.
Basil | Ripe basil leaf, anise notes. This flavor is fresh and vivid like a caprese salad served in the shade of a Mediterranean villa.
Beer Nuts | Salty roasted bar style peanuts, dry mixed nuts. Earthy brazil nuts, smooth cashews and salty almonds. Wonderful sub-dimension for a dry finish. Can be used around tobacco flavors handily.
Berry Blend | Juicy berry punch, in high concentrations it goes towards berry jam. Can be stand alone, but benefits from mixing with other notes in our opinion.
Berry Cheesecake | Ripe berries with tart creamy cake. More of the white cheesecake than the cookie crust or berry. Recommend Biscotti and any berry to mix in.
Biscotti | Very creamy, dry and sweet. Touch of caramel and cinnamon. Could be a holiday cookie because it makes you feel really cozy and relaxed.
Black Cherry | Familiar cherry notes mix well with other flavors or stand alone. Good for use in cherry tobacco recipes. This is not the medicinal black cherry flavor of cough suppressant. This black cherry is like the cherry sauce in an ice cream Sunday or the black cherry in dark chocolate. Free of Benzaldehyde.
Blackberry Blossom | Aromatic blossoms with the sweet dark note of a bowl filled with blackberries. No prickles!  This flavor is an excellent black berry.  Can stand alone, or compliment berry blends with our boysenberry, stawberries, or even a dark and spicy tobacco like FLV Redburly.
Blood Orange | Like the small canned mandarin oranges that come in light syrup. This is a sweet candied orange without the nasal high notes of a lemonade or blasting power of our orange citrus.
Blueberry | This blueberry flavor accomplishes a lot without becoming a phony-candy flavor. Real blueberry flavor like you find in pancakes, blueberry jam or ice cream. Can be mixed with some savory flavors, mints, or vaped alone.
Blueberry Muffin | Sweet and soft like it just came out of the oven. This flavor is a standard savory flavor for vaping. Distinct from our straight blueberry flavor.
Bourbon | Oaky American bourbon with a smooth finish. Adds a wonderful smoke and oak to many flavors. This is an essential change agent for that juice you have that is missing something... Something special, like an aged barrel of Kentucky’s finest.
Boysenberry | Clear boysenberry notes. Great for mixing with fruits, or with bakery flavors for a jam filling.
Brie Cheese | Soft creamy spreadable brie cheese with low mold. Surprising flavor profile is vapable, and quite compelling for people who need something new that is not another custard-yogurt-berry parfait.
Brulee  | Creamy carmelized like the dark singed sugar top of a cream brulee.
Bubble Gum | Taste reminiscent of baseball dugouts and bubble tape, or Bazooka Bubble gum sticks. Vapes as expected, with a friendliness for berry or anything top heavy and perfume like.
Butterscotch | Smooth butterscotch has a rich and carmely flavor.
Candy Roll | Candy roll is a sweet fruit base note to use with fruits and berries. It imparts the flavor of a rolled candy like Smarties or Sweetarts that can be an excellent canvas for other fruit.
Cantaloupe | Sweet and soft melon notes make this a true fruit flavor. Vapes well, with a hearty full flavor that avoids the shrill candy tones of other melon flavors.
Caramel | Rich cooked butter and cream notes are sweet and brown. RY4 or baked goods flavor, this carmel is strong and mixes smooth in high VG batches.
Carrot | Sweet carrot notes in a powerful flavor.  Great for making carrot cake recipes, or for a sweet vegetal note.  This is a rich and full flavor that can be used as a base for many creative concoctions.  
Cavendish | Shake Well. Old fashioned woody and spicy. Some chocolate and anise notes with low ash in this flavor, but good for mixing with more robust tobacco flavors like Kentucky Blend or Red Burley.
Cheesecake | The white part of the cheesecake. Some crust but that is not what this cheesecake focuses on (recommend biscotti for cheesecake crust). Cheesecake is pretty boring without some type of fruit note, so go ahead and fruit this one.
Cherimoya | Like Soursop and Guanabana, this tropical flavor is an exotic delight. Toucans, birds of paradise, and ancient macaws will alight on your head and shoulders when they whiff this delicacy from the lords of the jungle. It is so fruity, it makes standard, domestic fruits like apples and oranges something so banal... so, bananna.
Cherry Blossom | Aromatic cherry note leaves behind the medicinal red notes that are so common to cherry.
Cherry Filling | Fruity front with long aftertaste. This cherry is semi-medicinal, with a profile that is slightly maraschino, yet tart and bright like the filling of a pie. This cherry does not make use of benzaldehyde.
Chocolate Deutch | A German chocolate cake flavor. Works as a chocolate chip note in other recipes requiring a chocolate. This is a very nice complement to our Cured Tobacco, Creme de Menthe and Coffee flavors.
Cinnamon Crunch | Warm cinnamon and cereal cookie flavor. Mixes well with milks, custards etc. for a perfectly tuned cinnamon bakery or cereal vape.
Cinnamon Roll | Cinnamon roll bready and buttered, but this one won’t make you fat. It is a canvas for adding more, like frosting, cinnamon or more dough. Very useful as a base cinnamon bakery flavor.
Classic Cigarette | Like a dirty winston, this is the rich and brown low notes of a tobacco cigarette. Consider it a commercial cigarette base. Definitely essential for those tobaccanist who are chasing memory of the last pack.
Clove | Very highly concentrated, this clove flavor only needs 1-2% solution to deliver. Great clove notes for holiday spiced cider, hot toddy, or a reminiscent clove/tobacco flavor. This flavor is very overlooked as an excellent vape. Highly Concentrated flavoring for mixing at 1-2% solution Makes over 500ml of ejuice Contains zero nicotine Kosher certified, GRAS listed food grade flavoringNon-Flavoring ingredients: Propylene Glycol and Ethyl Alcohol
Coconut | This rich flavor is a delightful background for any tropical recipes. Close your eyes when you vape and you will think you just went to the beach. Really, this one is like a little vacation. Contains butyric acid.
Coffee | We're from Seattle, so this flavor is taken very seriously, and often with a little bit of mint! A rich coffee flavor that has a dark, burned cocoa zip. Unlike other coffee flavors that are bitter and espresso bean-like, this coffee is rich and smokey. Good for adding a complex and rich background, or as a featured vape flavoring.
Commercial Cigarette | Yeah, it is an ashy and earthy tobacco, but don’t stop there. This tobacco is a primary tool for adding musty ash notes to a richer dark tobacco. If all you want is the dimensional notes of a commercial tobacco, then shake and vape, but if you are creating something that has a particular fit and finish, try adding this to another FLV tobacco to get just the right level.
Connecticut Shade | The Yankee’s tobacco grows north of long island in the shad of Connecticut. With spice, chocolate, caramel and tobacco, this flavor is a good tobacco for RY4 or other non-commercial cig type flavors that call for no ash or musty wet dog notes. The sweet caramel notes can be a great base for cigarillo or spiced Cavendish pipe tobacco, alternatively this flavor can give depth to a bakery recipe where you want to add some comforting nicotiana to soft white smoke rings.
Cookie | Carmelized sugar with bready buttered notes. More dry than doughey. Sweet dough has hints of butterscotch and caramel, some cocoa but not a chocolate chip substitute. Excellent canvas for bakery notes.
Cookie Dough | Dry crumbles of cookie with sweet raw dough and grains of sugar. Of the FLV dough flavors, this one is less carmelized and more raw.
Cool Menthol | Ice cold and refreshing. Vaping this flavor is like sliding down a glacier into a lake and stepping out in the buff with a strong wind. A standard flavor for anyone making their own eliquid. This mixes well with any fruit flavor for a refreshing fruit taste.
Cotton Candy | Cotton candy is a face full of sticky, sweet sugar wool. Even a career carni would pick this one out of a lineup. It’s right there, next to the bearded woman. Full flavored cotton candy is a stand-alone flavor that is easily pegged, but if you mix it with some other candy and fruit flavors it can function as a base.
Cranberry | A sweet, ocean spray craisin like cranberry. Slightly resemblance to the cranberry sauce you get in a can, but not as much the cran-apple variety that is used in cider. This is an important flavor to include in your berry profiles and tart fruits.
Cream | "This vanilla cream flavor is an excellent background for many fruits. Unlike a custard background, a cream will not have the nasal egg flavor. This is a white cream, with its own rich vanilla notes. Recommended: queue up the moody blues song, ""Knights in White Satin"" when you use this flavor."
Cream and Cookies | Cream and cookies is a milky, ice cream with black oreo and white fudge filling. Can be fortified with other dairy flavors or used selectively as a base. This is not a vanilla cream, so it will not wash out other flavors as much with a vanilla note, but rather it will work with other dry cookie, dairy or sweet and frosting flavors.
Creme de Menthe | Creme de Menthe is a chocolaty peppermint that goes surprisingly well with caramel and tobacco vapes. Try it in an RY4 and you will understand what we mean. This is not an ice cold menthol type of mint flavor, rather it has a very full chocolate palette.
Crunch Cereal | Sweet cereal flavor, can be a base for berries and other fruits. Add milks and dairy for desert driven flavor notes, or straight as a cap’n crunch cereal flavor.
Cucumber | A fresh and innovative flavor profile that vapes like a happy hours cocktail. Don’t bother turning up your pinky finger when you burn this…it’s not a light airy essence, it’s a good fresh and full hitting vegetal vape. Delightful with a cooling menthol, or can be happily blended with some fruits for a very condescending and upscale juice from the top shelf. Capital!
Cupcake Batter | This flavor is a brilliant, wet cake dough. When the community asked us to come out with some new bakery flavors for DIY, this is one of the first flavors we went after. A very versatile bakery base note because it does not have the powerful smoothing action of vanilla. Cupcake batter is a wet cake note that can stand out with fruits and citrus alike. A must have in every mixer's library.
Cured Tobacco | Strong tobacco notes with an ashy commercial ring to it that will be familiar to any vaper who is trying to quit the stuff. Musty, vegetable flavor can be used at very low concentrations in a recipe (1%) and still do its job to accent other flavors. It is a standard starting point for a tobacco inspired eliquid. Highly Concentrated Flavoring for mixing at .5-4% solution Makes approximately 300ml of ejuice Contains zero nicotine GRAS listed food grade flavoring Non-Flavoring ingredients: Propylene Glycol and Ethyl Alcohol
Custard | Sans vanilla, this custard is the eggy cream. You might get lost without the vanilla notes, but if a plain custard is needed it can be a very useful tool. Not likely to be your standalone shake and vape, but when you use custard as a base note to add depth, and don't need the dominant effects of the vanilla, then this is a better option.
Donuts | Strong fried cake donut flavor, can be used at a very low percentage for effect. At higher percentage it will overwhelm more subtle bakery notes and base flavors.
Dragon Fruit | Dragon Fruit aka pitaya, is a very satisfying fruit flavor that can be the center of any fruit punch. It vapes brilliantly as a stand alone or with other red fruit flavors.
Eggnog | Holiday eggnog is custard and spice and everything nice. Easily manipulated with the addition of other flavors like cream, cinnamon, clove or flexible for use in other bakery and dairy juices. FLV eggnog is a solid base note for many holiday flavors, or for rich and full bakery blends.
Elderflower | Bright and floral elderflower is aromatic and brilliant for its liqueur like notes. Similar to St. Germaine and floral aperitif flavors, this one vapes very strong.
Fig | A flavor for versatile applications. Fig is a fruit; its leaf is also a garment worn by naked hippies living in prehistoric Mesopotamian gardens. Don’t overlook the utility of fig to add a dynamic and manna-like (what is it?) goodness to any tobacco, or many fruit blends. Fig newton it is not, but fig-ure it out and you will have something that stands the test of ages.
Fire Cinnamon | Dry, hot cinnamon like fireball whiskey or one of its many clones on the back bar. Fire cinnamon is not a bakery cinnamon, but it is helpful for some fruit and candy applications.
Fried Dough | Crashing into the vat, it’s a cannon ball of fried dough. This one is strong, and bready. Slight yeastiness to the dough that distinguishes it from a cookie or cinnamon bun. This flavor will work well with a donut or pastry.
Frosting | Can there be a better, smoother way to flavor white rings of PG-VG vapor than FLV Frosting? White vanilla with sweet mellow edges. Lick your finger clean, but no that’s e-juice… Frosting flavored like a dream. Puff puff, you magic dragon.
Ginger | Ginger is the fresh root with a sweet ginger ale that is brisk and bubble. Slight floral texture. Great for making beverage vapes like a dark and stormy, or for a unique and refreshing ADV. Ginger, like other spice flavors is underutilized in juice recipes.
Ginger Peach | Pleasant blend of fleshy fruit with aromatic ginger. This can vape as a standalone or be a complex addition to any fruit or spice blend.
Ginger Snap | This is the dark sticky middle part of a ginger snap. Molasses, ginger, and cookie. Use as a layer in more complicated bakery recipes, or as a background in a seasonal spice recipe.
Graham Cracker | Dry honey graham cracker.  Excellent note for bakery and dessert recipes, and a good tool in the cookie, pie and crust zone.
Granny Smith | Strong green apple, with candy apple volume. Vibrant apple skin notes and familiar hard candy appeals to either crisp real fruit apple blends, or something that is candy and green like a jolly rancher. A must have for getting the right apple pie or apple struddle.
Granola | Dry nutty wheat notes, with slight raisin.
Grape | The tricky thing about some flavors is that when you vape them, they can either remind you of something special or something disguising. Before this grape flavor, a lot of people thought that it was impossible to vape grape without getting a nasty, sour face full of cat p!$$. That is not surprising since most multipurpose flavors out there were not formulated with vapor notes in mind. Flavorah grape is not a perfect vine ripened grape, but it is close enough. Sweet candy notes strike a familiar and special place. Grape soda, grape taffy, or grape big league chew -- the memory will find you.
Greek Yogurt | "AKA just ""Yogurt."" Smooth and soft tasting yogurt flavor. Not as much the acrid sour of plain non-fat yogurt as much as the smooth vanilla cream of sweetened greek yogurt. Can be used in an ice cream recipe to emphasis the creamy, milky aftertaste."
Green Apple | A familiar apple flavor. This is a crisp and aromatic candy apple, not the caramel apple type. This flavor blends well with other soft fruit flavors, like banana and cantaloupe. It is also a good fruit flavor along with menthol, custard, or tobacco.
Guanabana | This flavor is awesome. It came as a special request from a customer in Brazil and even though the name takes some practice, the flavor notes will be almost familiar as they blend some of the most pleasing tropical notes imaginable. This flavor can stand alone, or be used with other tropical cousins like cherimoya, jackfruit or its analog, soursop. Guanabana is synonymous with Soursop like apples to apples, but we have two distinct takes on this amazing flavor, so think of soursop as a red apple, and guanabana as a green apple.
Hazelnut | Nutty, european dessert treat.  Add chocolate and bakery notes for nutella.
Heat | This is a flavorless warming sensation. It adds a spicy warm to hot taste, opposite the cooling effect of a menthol.
Hibiscus | Crips and refreshing Hibiscus flower, goes very well with other fresh citrus and vegetal flavors like cucumber. Not overly aromatic, but crisp and light. The bright and clear top notes come out brilliantly when vaped.
Honey Bee | We were inspired by several threads on /r/DIY_ejuice to come out with a honey flavor that had the notes of real honey, straight from the bees' knees. Where is the honey that Baloo sings about in the Jungle Book; or that wild honey that John the Baptist ate in the desert with his crunchy locusts? Unlike the warmer desert honey notes in our Milk and Honey flavor, this a floral honey. It is flower nectar, condensed down into a sweet and fruit friendly pitch. This flavor stands out at surprisingly low concentration: start at 3% or add 2% to a fruit meddle. Regardless of how you use it, it will bee a brilliant and very distinct flavor note. The result, in all humbleness is pure VAPE MAGIC!
Horchata | Creamy cinnamon with milky smoothness… If you are not familiar with this refreshing Latin American drink, then you owe it a try the next time you have a chance. Before then, try our horchata. It’s a blend of the flavors of starchy rice pudding and a rich warm cinnamon. Mixes well with bakery flavors.
Ice | This is a flavorless cooling sensation. It adds a brisk freeze like menthol, but without the mint taste that comes with menthols and other mints.
Irish Cream | Classic and comforting Irish cream. There is no reason to make this a seasonal flavor, and you won’t want to give it up once you get a try. Well balanced for standalone use, but can also be manipulated with some other creams and rich flavors.
Jackfruit | Jack fruit is a large, sticky tropical fruit the size of a basketball that grows on trees. Speaking from personal experience, the fruit smells so good that you want to rip into it with your fingers and get a bite, but beware of the latex sap that will cover everything if you do. Flavorah Jackfruit has ripe melon-like notes with a tropical punch baseline. Great as a unique fruit, or in any punch and tropical blend.
Kentucky Blend | Rich and spice full tobacco notes with earthy hints of wood and dark cigar tobacco. Low, but unmistakable ash. This tobacco flavor is an essential for any tobacconist’s arsenal.
Kiwi | Aromatic and tropical ripe Kiwi. This is the soft green and white flesh of the fruit, with less of the astringent rind. This is a flavor that really comes out after mixing, steeping, and vaping.
Lembas Bread | Crunchy with notes of honey and wheat. Perfect flavor for anything needing sweet bread flavor profile, such as a muffin. This is named after the  elven bread of yore.
Lemon | True, real fruit lemon with bright citrus notes. Can be the yellow rind on a lemonhead, or mixed in with other fruits and tropical to make very nice citrus notes.
Lemon Grass | In apiculture, lemon grass is the favorite flavor of swarming honey bees, but don't worry this flavor alone will not give you a buzz until you mix it to a quality Nic base. Flavorah Lemon Grass is filled with sweet and citrus notes notes in a complex standalone flavor. But don't restrict this flavor to just standalone, the complex notes fit well with a variety of soft bakery flavors, and other fruits. Hope you enjoy this flavor as much as we are...right now. drip, drip.
Lemon Tea | Dark and sweet lemon tea. Makes a good base for some summer juice blends that add citrus and fruit. The tea notes are a good base profile that also lets this flavor stand alone.
Lemonade | This lemonade flavor is an essential for your citrus arsenal. Yellow starburst notes, sweet lemonade like the country-time powder. Works well with Flavorah crunch cereal, or as a top note in your fruit medleys. Highly Concentrated Flavoring for mixing at 3-7% solutionMakes approximately 300ml of ejuice Contains zero nicotine Kosher certified, GRAS listed food grade flavoringNon-Flavoring ingredients: Propylene Glycol and Ethyl Alcohol
Lime | This lime flavor is an excellent citrus for drink clones like margaritas, or for fresh clean top notes in a fruit medley or dessert vape.
Lime Wedge | Real fruit lime is crisp and bright with strong notes of both juice and skin. You can add it to a bit of fried dough and Yakima hops if you are chasing the Hefe or IPA, but it really shines in anything that needs a citrus punch.
Lovage Root | Lovage is a celery-like vegetable root that is not aromatic, but has a good mouth flavor that can be used with other vegetal or tobacco recipes.
Lychee | "Smooth and exotic, this tropical flavor seems obscure, but to those who know it has become a staple. Reminiscent of bubble tea with floral perfume and a sweet kick. Lychee vaped with some blueberry or watermelon will change your life like the first time you heard ""Free Fallin"" by Tom Petty."
Macaroon | Cream and caramel with some toasted brown coconut notes. Macaroon has an easy, long finish of nuts and sweet macaroon. This flavor is very friendly to bakery and coconut flavors. Its long nutty finish is pleasant and can stand alone if needed.
Mango | Brilliant real fruit mango is highly potent and effective for ripe and sweet mango notes. Try this flavor with Yakima hops if you are trying to make it a less-ripe green mango. Goes well with many fruits, especially tropicals.
Maple Bar | Strong maple bar doughnut flavor. Very smooth and familiar notes of maple has a bready finish that is not distorted like some maples.
Marshmallow | The jet puffed flavor you get just after opening a fresh bag of marshmallows. It can make your head spin with the delight of childhood. That flavor that is so hard to capture and so fleeting as the marshmallow inevitably becomes a caramelized mass of gooey sweetness. This is the dry, powdery fluff that you experienced just before you plunged your Swiss army sharpened stick through the heart of the mallow.
Marshmallow Treat | Sticky rice and mallow make this a great base note or addition to other light and fluffy blends. When everything was custard and cream, the subtle top notes of marshmallow and frosting were often overlooked, but we bring it to you here. A new base note for a new type of juice. Go forth and conquer the clouds.
Milk | Why aren't you searching for cream, Is it because you think you are fat? You know, you could drink 2% if you wanted. This milk is for cereal and other dairy vape needs. It is a base flavor, white and flat like a canvas.
Milk & Honey | Milk and honey are made to go together. Welcome to the promise land! This is a rich flavor that plays nicely with other rich flavors like caramel, butterscotch and custards. It has a toasted richness similar to vanilla custard without the egg yoke finishes of a custard.
Milk Chocolate | Front end milk chocolate with a more dry cocoa finish. Mixes well with our Chocolate Deutch, mocha and coffee. This chocolate is a game changer for anyone who has been struggling with a chocolate note in their recipes.
Mocha | Coffee with creamy milk chocolate. Very smooth like a chocolate chip coffee ice cream. Not as smoky as our straight coffee flavor.
Morning Mimosa | Bright, light and refreshing notes of champagne citrus.
Muscato | A sweet wine, green grape flavor that is not yeasty like champagne, but has strong fruit bouquettes.  
Native Tobacco | Rich and full tobacco notes with hints of leather and moist wet cigar. Low, but unmistakable ash. This tobacco flavor is an essential for any tobacconist’s arsenal.
Nectarine | Zesty pit fruit, not as candy-like as FLV Peach.
Oak Barrel | Rich and woody vanilla notes in this american oak flavor.  Stronger and more smoky than a french oak, this flavor can be used along with our FLV Smooth Vanilla to bring out a very bold and yet teflon smooth vanilla note.  Also works well with any of our tobacco flavors and with Sangria to create an even more realistic red wine
Oatmeal Raisin | This flavor starts with a very full flavored oats with a slightly nutty raisin finish. Provides a good base for mixing bakery or as an addition to a tobacco vape. Strong base notes will overtake some mixes if not used in the right combinations and concentrations.
Orange Citrus | "This citrus flavor really captures the sweet taste of a sliced orange. Mellow without being a creamcicle, and yet a strong citrus without the sharp lemon lime taste of citric acid. Orange citrus stands alone when vaped, or blends well with the darker notes of a coffee or chocolate. Mixes very well with a Vanilla custard, or warmed up with other savory flavors like coffee. Suitable with whiskey for the citrus flavor in an ""Old Fashioned"" recipe."
Oriental Tobacco | Nutty and bright sun cured tobacco, like a fresh opened pack. Some cedar notes are present. This tobacco flavor has low or no ash content, making it great to use in a flavor profile where you want a crisp tobacco note, but not the heavy ash, or spice of darker tobaccos.
Papaya Punch | Papaya Punch is a brilliant tropical fruit flavor. It can be mixed with other fruit flavors, especially the tropical, or can be used as a top note in a base like Candy Roll. Papaya Punch also stands alone.
Passion Fruit | Distinct passion fruit notes in this flavor are very friendly to other fruits like mango, melons, apple, and berries. FLV Passion fruit is a beautiful flavor... Passion from the loins, it’s a love potion. Clouds of passion waft to the sound of jazz flute. Oh yeah, that's a baby making vape.
Pastry Zest | Creamcheese danish pastry with sugar glaze and light cinnamon.   This flavor has both the buttery crust, and the sweet cream center.  The base notes pair well with complimentry  FLV Cream and Cookies, Biscotti, Brie Cheese, or Cream.
Peach | If you have ever been caught stealing gummy Peach-Os from a friend, then this flavor will end your larceny. Bold and brilliant peach flavor is tasty and alive. Not bland or overly subtle, it is a sweet, tasty peach. Vape it all day long and we dare you not to have a fantastic day.
Peach Gummy | Peach Gummy is an analog to our peach. Classic nectar peach notes are full and incorporate both flesh and skin of the fruit. Can be close to a peach-o candy. Peach Gummy is sans acetoin.
Peanut Butter | Earthy, roasted peanut butter flavor. Blend with berries, or blend with rich flavors and tobaccos. Having a good peanut flavor opens up all kinds of familiar flavors, from Babe Ruth candy bars to PB&J sandwiches.
Pear | An accurate real pear flavor that holds onto the tangy and grainy texture in the pear notes. Similar in function to apple flavors, this pear could go well with just about any fruit, or even a cucumber flavor.
Peppermint | Green pepermint is a clean and cool flavor. Not as ice cold as our menthol, but presents a spicy pepermint pop with smooth cooling 
Persimmon | Persimmon is very difficult to eat, but oh so easy to vape. No stained shirt, and ready in any season! Our Persimmon is bright and brilliant as a standalone or mixed into a fruit salad or punch flavor.
Persimmon Spice | "Persimmon spice is reminicent of a bitters drink, but only when you are told so. It is a unique kick that will make a juice ""pop"" in ways that few other flavors can. Excelent with some fruits, but also with tobaccos and other flavors that can use a spice note."
Pineapple | This is the bright real fruit pineapple, not the baked Hawaiian pizza pineapple. Crisp notes can lean towards candy based off of some pallets, but the potential for tropical and beverage type notes is there. Vapes well at recommended 2-4% as a standalone.
Pink Guava | A tropical delight, this pink guava flavor really transports us south with its sweet and fruity taste. It's like your own personal spider monkey climbed to the top of a tree and pulled it down, just for you. Vape it all day long, this one does not get old.
Pistachio | Creamy pistachio meat after you crack open the shell and suck off the salt. This pistachio is not overly dry at its recommended 2-3% but can get drier and distort at high concentrations because it is not sweet as a standalone. This flavor is a great added dimension for many dairy and savory blends, including tobacco.
Popcorn | Buttery movie theatre popcorn that also works well with custards and bakery notes  
Pound Cake | One pound of butter, one pound of sugar, and one pound of flour. It's as simple as that. Pound cake
Pralines | Nutty, sweet, carmelized praline. This is a very useful flavor for making a praline ice cream, or any nut blend that needs to be sweet. Even PB&J or PB&H could come out of a praline.
Pucker | A sour mouth-feel Tobacco additive. This flavor can be used in fruits, and bakery recipes to deliver a pucker squeze.  
Pumpkin Bread | Fuller than Pumpkin Spice, this flavor can almost stand alone, but benefits from mixing with other bakery notes.
Pumpkin Spice | Top note of PSL is distinct in this flavor, but for making a well-balanced e-juice, it is best when mixed with other flavors to ground the spicy top note. Best matches are other bakery notes, caramels, butterscotches and creams or Pumpkin bread.
Rainier Cherry | Rainier Cherry has replaced Bing Cherry. The same flavoring compounds have been used, but slight changes to steeping and mixing could be noticed due to a reformulated solvent system.
Raisin Rum | Strong oak and sweet rum notes in this raisin flavor. Great as an adjunct to tobacco and many bakery notes that need a full and dark body or sweet undertone. The oak notes lend a good southern nod to distillery and are easy to find on the top note.
Raspberry | "Excellent clean raspberry flavor. Not the shrill candy-like ""blue raspberry,"" or hallow tasting beverage raspberry. This raspberry is right off the bush with a hand-picked kind of note. Mixes with almost anything."
Red Apple | Sweet Red Delicious apple has a pulp note. Good tool for any apple recipe.
Red Burley | Red Burley is an heirloom tobacco that disappeared over a century ago because new varieties of the leaf grew faster and larger. This flavor tries to do justice to its roots (pun intended) with earthy and dark tobacco notes. There is a hint of some dry nuts and leather, some spice and medium ash. FLV Red Burley is an excellent tobacco flavor base for juice that is reminiscent of a simple time when things had substance and depth, and patience’s brought out new, and diverse renditions...This flavor is ready for standalone shake and vape, but will mature with steeping or other fruit, nut and tobacco notes.
Red Cinnamon | Red Cinnamon like a candy cinnamon bear or red hot. Can be a good seasonal cinnamon for spicing up a flavor, but it is strong and spicy.
Red Raspberry | Louder than our normal raspberry. This is a candy raspberry that goes well with sweet fruits.
Red Velvet | Rich red velvet notes with full body. Notes of dry cocoa chocloate, cream and pankcake batter. Quality depth/body and can be used to develop the flavor profile of a birthday cake
Rhubarb | Vegetal, unsweetened rhubarb flavor. If you are looking for your mom's rhubarb crisp with 12 gallons of sugar, then you will need to mix this flavor with some other fruits and sweets, but standalone you will get a clear rhubarb with earthy and fibrous flavor notes.
Rich Cinnamon | Very highly concentrated, this cinnamon flavor only needs 1-2% solution to deliver. Not the red-hot candy cinnamon, this is the rich ground cinnamon you would find in a sticky bun or apple fritter. Delightful flavor for any savory that needs cinnamon.
Root Beer | Sharp and spicy notes of Sarsaparilla, licorice, birch and vanilla.  This is a brewed rootbeer flavor that can be altered with caramel, butterscotch, vanillas and some fruits like cherry. 
Sangria | Dark and sweet redwine with great fruit notes of peach, plumb and blackberry.  Excellent base for adding fruits and making a both dynamic and brilliant ejuice.  
Smoked Butterscotch | Buttery baked, caramel and smoked notes.  This flavor occupies a medium/light zone of the butterscotch - caramel spectrum.  The smoked notes help distinguish this flavor it is vaped with other complimentary notes, so that rather than disappearing in the background as a base it gets highlighted to the front. 
Smooth Vanilla | Bright potent vanilla with a full pallatte of rich and smooth notes.  This flavor is a strong vanilla you can put to work with tobaccos, in bakery and desserts and with a heavy cream.  Perfect for an angel food cake flavor. It is expensive, and precious. 
Smore | Yo Smalls! You want a S'more? Sweet mallow and graham. First you get the mallow, then you get the graham. Finishes with some chocolate, but if you want to boost the chocolate, add Chocolate Deutsch or FLV Milk Chocolate.
Sour Apple | Green candy apple with a zip of sour. This is a flavor that can be used adding depth to candy or fruit blends, or as a standalone for apple in 2-5% range.
Soursop | Another brilliant tropical note, related to guanabana. This flavor will knock yur socks off if fruit is what you are looking for.
Spearmint | This spearmint has a cool menthol vibe. Not as strong and in your face as a spearmint chewing gum, this one is designed to work with other fruit flavors. Excellent with blueberry. Give it a try with some of your stale flavors and it will liven them up.
Strawberry | """Let me take you down 'cause I am going to strawberry fields,"" soft strawberry flavor does not dominate but gives a warm fruity burst to any rich savory flavor like a custard or cream. Similar fruit notes to a strawberry ice cream as opposed to a strawberry jolly rancher or hard candy strawberry flavor."
Strawberry Cream | Like the strawberry cream hard candy. This strawberry cream benefits from additions of both strawberry and cream if you are trying to pull it in a particular direction, but can stand alone if you have the candy strawberry note in mind.
Strawberry Filling | Concentrated strawberry is a middle of the spectrum. Not highly aromatic, or low and sweet. An important blend for more complex and full strawberry notes.
Strawberry Smash | Dynamic and full strawberry notes. Not overly candy in tone, but bright and brilliant enough for a candy flavor. Rich enough to pull down into a custard or cream base.
Sugar Orchid | "Floral vanilla notes with a powdered sugar sweetness and candy-shell-like note.  Take all the sweet, fruity, suggary notes you remember walking into a candy store as a kid, and this flavor will capture that moment. A strong and compelling candy back ground note, similar but more germaine than our FLV Candy Roll.    ""Sugar Orchid"" is something very unique, and an absolute necessity if you are working on fruits and candy flavors with smooth vanilla flavor tones."
Sun Cookie | Somewhere between lemon cake, lemon cookie and a lemon meringue. This is a fresh citrus bakery flavor with a slightly smokey vanilla note.  Can be a great tool with creams, or with citrus pastry.  Worth experiementing with suncured and arabian type tobacco flavors as well.
Sweet Cigarette | Smokey, Carmel and sweet vanilla. Could be blended well with a Cavendish or spicy tobacco if you are trying to make a pipe or cigar. Rich wood smoke notes from mesquite and alder contribute to the sweetness.
Sweet Coconut | Clean and fresh coconut flavoring is like pure white, grated coconut shavings. Unlike our standard coconut flavor that is rich and toasted, this sweet coconut is fruity and light. Excellent for mixing into drink clones like piña coladas.
Sweet Cream | Milky with a hint of coconut milk. Not thick a thick, heavy butter cream, but a fresh note that is cereal friendly for drawing out a milk note.
Sweet Dough | Carmelized sugar with bready buttered notes. Sweet dough has hints of butterscotch and caramel with a solid, heavy dough. Excellent canvas for bakery notes.
Sweet Fig | Delicate and yet a hearty fruit note. Sweet fig is a fig filling that has notes of honey, earth and aromatic fruit. Very unique fruits like this fig can up-end the bordom of vaping the same strawberry and custard notes every day.
Sweetness | FLV Sweetness is an artificial flavorless sweetness enhancer. Non-fructose, sugar free.
Tangerine | Don't you wanna, wanna a Fanta? Tangerine is sweet and easy citrus. Not sharp citrus notes with heavy rind, but a familiar fleshy tangerine that is reminiscent of an orange soda.
Tatanka Tobacco | Bold and strong like an American Buffalo, Tantanka is the Native Siox word for buffalo. FLV Tatanka is a tobacco with strong caramel, sweet dough, and rich tobacco notes. Low ash, and low on the musty moisture scale, tatanka is like a fresh opened bag of Redman chew. Blends well with other tobaccos, or stand alone.
Thai Chai | FLV Thai Chai is a rich Thai tea flavor filled with cream, toasted coconut and spiced tea. This flavor can stand alone and will really make you happy if you are familiar with the classic thai drink. If you are feeling creative, this flavor can be used to achieve a rich and sweet smoke note like a burning tropical hardwood.
Toffee | Shake well, this flavor can have separation and sediment before mixing with PG/VG. Great toffee with Smokey caramelized sugar notes. Akin to butterscotch, this flavor can show up in a profile that needs some distinction by way of the smokieness.
Tricks Cereal | This cereal flavor is the sugary, crunchy and fruity puff flavor you would expect... just not for kids. Strong formulation can be mixed at low concentrations for strong and familiar cereal flavors.
Tropical Citrus | Blends notes of orange and sweetened lemons. Like a triple-sec margarita, this tropical citrus is more than just one fruit to peel. Decidedly tropical, yet not committed to one citrus fruit. The citrus goes well with any cool mint flavors you may have in your arsenal. Also plays nicely with orange citrus, tropical fruits and savory flavors. Vape it all day long and you will feel fresh like a walk through a Florida orchard.
Tropical Punch | Like tropical fruit dropping from the trees, this bold and balanced flavor is ripe for picking. Stand alone, it is a fantastic tropical anchor for your daily vape.
Turkish Tobacco | Aromatic Turkish gold with low ash, and cedar wood finish. Bright sun curred tobacco notes are aromatic, with slightly more musty notes than FLV Oriental Tobacco.
Vanilla Bean | This is a clean and cool icecream vanilla.  Not overpowering, but very complimentry to the dairy and fruit notes, such as strawberries and cream.
Vanilla Custard | There is nothing boring about vanilla. Heck, if vanilla custard was a person, this one would be a ninja. It can do everything: blend with coffee, fruit, mints or vape it alone. We prefer a touch of fruit (fruit ninja), but some people just like the soft, rich taste of vanilla custard and leave it as is. It is an open canvas for your ejuice mixing mastery, and an essential part of every juice makers library of flavors
Vanilla Pudding | Analog to vanilla custard with slight variation in the tone and finish. Uses vanilla to mellow other flavors.
Virginia Tobacco | This is the less harsh, earthy tobacco flavor you need for making savory blends. Lots of depth and space to fill in with fruits or other savory flavor notes without the over powering ash smoke of a commercial tobacco flavor. Can be blended with our cured tobacco flavor to get a specific balance as you see fit.
Waffle | Great dough and waffle notes hit up front in the mouth. Think of a Belgian waffle without berries or whipped cream, but those can be added.
Watermelon | A traditional candy watermelon. This is a good fruit base for sweet and candy vapes.
Wheat | Dry wheat flavor is a unique note that can assist many recipes that need the dry textured notes of wheat.  Mixes well with Lembas Bread to create a quality bread profile for any mix
Whipped Cream | Light and airy whipped cream settles on the top notes of a CO2 infused whipped cream. Not heavy or milky like other creams, but for adding a dimension to fruits and bakery juices. This flavor in a juice is more related to white chocolate than to dairy milks and creams.
White Chocolate | Slightly chalky white chocolate is at home with whipped creams, and other dairy notes. Very flexible and firm flavor has a full, chunky bar presence that can be scaled up and down as needed.
Wild Melon | Candy-like melon flavors with a tropical pallet. This flavor is fruity and fun, like a handful of hard candy.
Wood Spice | It’s hard to describe the masculine sandal wood notes of cologne in terms of e-juice. TBH, this flavor is special and discrete, like a late night rendez vous. It mixes well with a very select few, just like a spy sitting against the wall, waiting for his contact to reveal herself. Not everyone can mix with wood spice, but if you can you might have the ghost of Ian Fleming channeled through your clouds.
Yakima Hops | Yakima Washington is a small town with an important distinction of producing the world’s best hops. This flavor is not just for beer however. Hops have a crisp and aromatic pine note, blended agains a zesty citrus base that is thuroughly fruity, while decidedly aromatic. Hops is one of our favorite flavors, and will surprise you with its potential as a key component of your future ADV.
Yam | Sweet and Buttery Cooked Yam flavor.  Has a variety of applications from bakery flavors such as Pumpkin Spice, Pumpkin bread, Cheesecakes and Custards but can also work well in different tobacco blends and it's own sweet potato mix
Avocado | Green, nutty and fleshy avocado flavoring.  A rich creamy avocado flesh can add dimension to both floral and nutty recipes alike.   Use as a low percentage base up to 3% for a dynamic and rich non-dairy, non-vanilla type base.  If you are getting tired of the same old custard bases, this and Kinako Soy will give you a new canvas for creating excellent and distinct profiles.
Black Tea | Un steeped floral black tea has the aromatic notes of a freshly opened loose-leaf tin. This flavor will convey the traditional afternoon tea notes, not as much the Smokey and bitter notes of a long steeped breakfast tea.
Eisai Tea | Floral, matcha green tea Flavor.    This Japanese inspired green tea is named after the Buddhist monk who brought camellia sinensis to Japan in the 12th century. It has the frothy notes of a whipped matcha without the bitterness of an over steeped teabag.  
Green Tea | Floral and herbal green tea is the flavor of a freshly open tin. Slight jasmine and mint blossom note becomes soapy lavender at higher concentrations.  Loose leaf aromatics are from a tea shop or market rather than the over steeped notes that come from a tea kettle.
Kinako Soy | Powdery notes of roasted soy and sweet red beans with the top notes of amaretto and almond flesh.  FLV Kinako Soy is Japanese inspired candy flavor that creates a unique base note at low percentages. Works well with nuts, bakery and other smooth notes. If you are getting tired of the same old custard bases, this and FLV Avocado will give you a new canvas for creating excellent and distinct profiles.
Red Tea | "Rich and nutty African rooibos tea flavor has notes of smooth vanilla, spice and light smoky bark. The country of South Africa will not allow anything to be called ""rooibos"" that is not originating from their cherished tea bush.  This vape flavor is a distinct and really useful compliment with tobaccos.  Delicate notes at a low percentage. Harsher spice and licorice come forth at higher concentration.  "
